Update graph security about _service and _entities (#195)
apollographql/docs: src/content/basics/enterprise-guide/graph-security.mdx

#### Only allow the gateway to query subgraphs directly

> As a best practice for federated graphs, Apollo recommends that subgraph services may only be queried by the gateway or Router directly. The [Apollo Federation specification](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/federation-spec/) outlines that subgraph schemas will have `_entities` and `_service` root fields on the `Query` type to assist with composition and query planning, which exposes the subgraph to additional concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a best practice for federated graphs, Apollo recommends that subgraph services should only be queried by the gateway or Router directly. The [Apollo Federation specification](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/federation-spec/) outlines that subgraph schemas will have `_entities` and `_service` root fields on the `Query` type to assist with composition and query planning, which exposes the subgraph to additional concerns.
```

> An `sdl` field may be queried in the `_service` selection set and the output of that field will include the SDL representation of the subgraph's schema. Because this query will expose as much data about a subgraph's schema as a standard introspection query would, you should ensure this information isn't accessible to the outside world (as mentioned above in `Turn off introspection in production`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `sdl` field may be queried in the `_service` selection set and the output of that field will include the SDL representation of the subgraph's schema. Because this query will expose as much data about a subgraph's schema as a standard introspection query would, you should ensure this information isn't accessible to the outside world (as mentioned above in [`Turn off introspection in production`](#turn-off-introspection-in-production)).
```

add a link to the note here

> The `_entities` field allows the gateway to resolve any type that is marked with `@key` by passing in the [id for that entity](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/federation-spec#resolve-requests-for-entities). If this field is exposed publicly, this means that anyone can get around internal resolver logic and fetch any entitiy data by mimicking the gateway. Since the resolver for `_entities` is hidden from you, you can not modify that logic either which means you would have to manually check all operations that include the `_entities` field and block any malicious queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_entities` field allows the gateway to resolve any type that is marked with `@key` by passing in the [id for that entity](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/federation-spec#resolve-requests-for-entities). If this field is exposed publicly, this allows anyone to get around internal resolver logic and fetch any entity data by mimicking the gateway. Since the resolver for `_entities` is hidden from you, you cannot modify that logic either which means you would have to manually check all operations that include the `_entities` field and block any malicious queries.
```

Aren't resolvers for entities written by customers? Confused on what you mean by "is hidden from you".
